# Personal

Tran Minh Quan (in Korean 진선미) is currently an affiliated lecturer at VinUniversity, a member of VinGroup, the largest enterprise in Vietnam by capitalization. He got a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering at KAIST (2012) and received a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, focused on GPU Computing, at UNIST (2019), both from South Korea. His research interests are image-to-image translation, inverse problems, and high-performance visual computing, specializing in biomedical image processing and applications. He was one of the pioneering students in High-performance Visual Computing Lab (the first CUDA research center in Korea), guided by Professor Won-Ki Jeong, who has moved to Korea University. 

His domain of image modalities concentrates on X-ray, CT, MRI, and Electron Microscopy. All are centered around using GPU-accelerated computing to understand biomedical image data. His most notable work includes undersampled MRI reconstruction using a GAN-based deep neural network, which is one of the pioneering works in the MRI community using deep learning (Google scholar citation ~400 since 2018). This work demonstrated that compressed sensing theory maps well to a generative model using cyclic loss. Recently, he has been working on Deep learning-based Generative Adversarial Networks on various problems (neural volume rendering, variationally reconstructed radiographs, anatomical graphs). 

<!-- He has published many research papers in top-tier venues, including Nature, IEEE Trans. Medical Imaging, IEEE Trans. Visualization and Computer Graphics, IEEE Trans. Parallel and Distributed Systems, Medical Image Analysis; and prestigious peer-reviewed conferences such as MICCAI, IEEE ISBI, IEEE CVPR, ISMRM, etc. He is a recipient of the NAVER graduate fellowship. 

Recently, he has been working on Deep learning-based Generative Adversarial Networks on various problems (neural volume rendering, variationally reconstructed radiographs, anatomical graphs). He also serves as a technical reviewer for NeuroComputing, IEEE Transactions, other journals, and conferences. He is a member of the AI Consultant Committee of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
 -->